{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs36\lang9 Hard Drive Data Recovery\b0\fs22\par
\par
If you store you\rquote re data on a hard drive and only a hard drive it is not exactly the best way to go about keeping your data.  Unlike tapes, CDs, DVD\rquote s, and external hard drives, hard drives are mechanical, active devices and are subject to rapid failure. Human error is the number one reason for hard drive failure, losing data is not a fun thing to go through, but we make hard drive data recovery easy, we recover data from all types of hard drives with all types of failures. Our staff is trained to recover data from all  types of hard drives regardless if you have Windows, Mac, Linux, or UNIX we can recover your data.\par
\par
\par
\fs36 Hard Drive Recovery Software\fs22\par
If you find that some of your files are missing from your computer, you have a couple different options to try and get the data back.  Hard drive recovery software is a program that salvages data from damaged computers, or from lost file data.  It can be a huge help to individuals who have saved data on a computer drive and find out that their computer is damaged or corrupted.  It can also help individuals who save data in an inaccessible storage unit that cannot be retrieved through traditional means.  Hard drive recovery programs are typically used only for the hard drive on computers.  However, there is also data recovery software that can be used for hard disc drives, DVDs, storage tapes, and other electronic items.  Recovery may be required because of a physical damage to the electronic, or because of an eternal problem; both can cause storage units to become inaccessible without the proper software.\par
\par
You can hire a computer specialist to come and look at your hard drive if it is having problems.  They typically have the knowledge needed to fix the system.  If you are interested in hiring a computer specialist, you can usually find one by looking online.  They usually are available to hire by the hour.  Often times, recovery software is used by computer specialists.  They usually install it themselves on your computer and will work on your computer until the files are received.  Hiring a computer specialist to rescue your files is obviously more expensive than installing drive recovery software yourself, but it can be a huge benefit if you do not feel comfortable installing the program yourself.\par
\par
If you wish to rescue your files yourself, you should certainly look multiple places before purchasing any type of hard drive recovery software.  You should look online for different types.  Each different brand typically can be used for a variety of different makes and models of computers, but some are specific, especially for a Mac versus a PC.  You will want to ensure that the type of software you buy works with your computer properly.\par
\par
Not being able to rescue your files can be one of the biggest frustrations in the world of computers.  To help ensure that your files are safe in the future, you can start saving your files in an external hard drive.  This will protect you from losing your data on a damaged computer.\par
\par
The Hard Drive Recovery Services website has additional information that you might find useful.\par
\par
\tab\par
\fs40 Hard Drive Recovery\fs22\par
One of the most stressful situations that can happen to avid computer users is dealing with the situation of having their hard drive crash with no expected notice.   This is not an easy problem to fix.  In fact, the hard disk is one of the most important parts in your entire computer.  All of the documents that you have worked on and all of your saved files are part of the hard drive.  If you have saved important documents on your hard drive, this makes it all the more important to find a hard drive recovery system.  Fortunately, there is a way to retrieve lost files and get your hard drive working properly again.\par
\par
There are many reasons that may contribute to your hard drive failing.  For most people, their hard drive encounters a virus, which can infect the entire computer.  As a result, your hard drive crashes and all of your files seem to be gone.  Most people use antivirus software but if the virus is extremely active, it can sometimes get through your system security even with installed antivirus software.  However, it is important to remember in these situations not to panic.  If you panic it will certainly not make your situation better.  You simply need to find recovery software.  Fortunately, there is a lot of software like this on the market today and it is quite affordable.\par
\par
You will want to make sure that you buy the right type of drive recovery system for your computer.  Depending on the make, model, and year of your computer, there is different software available for you.  You can purchase this software by looking online.  If you feel like you would rather talk to someone about it, be sure to visit an electronic store or an IT store.  They will be able to explain the recovery software systems that they offer.  They will also be able to tell you what software would work the best for your computer.\par
\par
Once you buy hard drive recovery software you just have to install it into your computer.  It will bring back the files that you thought was once lost.  This software can relieve a lot of stress that you might have experienced.  If you still believe there are problems with your computer, it might be wise to have a computer professional look at your computer system.\par
\par
The Hard Drive Recovery Services website has additional information that you might find helpful.\par
\par
September 6th, 2010 | Tags: drive recovery services, drive recovery system, Hard Drive Recovery, Hard Drive Recovery Services, hard drive recovery system, recovery software systems, retrieve lost files | Category: Hard Drive Recovery | Leave a comment\par
\b\fs36 Hard Drive Recovery Software\fs22\par
\b0 If you find that some of your files are missing from your computer, you have a couple different options to try and get the data back.  Hard drive recovery software is a program that salvages data from damaged computers, or from lost file data.  It can be a huge help to individuals who have saved data on a computer drive and find out that their computer is damaged or corrupted.  It can also help individuals who save data in an inaccessible storage unit that cannot be retrieved through traditional means.  Hard drive recovery programs are typically used only for the hard drive on computers.  However, there is also data recovery software that can be used for hard disc drives, DVDs, storage tapes, and other electronic items.  Recovery may be required because of a physical damage to the electronic, or because of an eternal problem; both can cause storage units to become inaccessible without the proper software.\par
\par
You can hire a computer specialist to come and look at your hard drive if it is having problems.  They typically have the knowledge needed to fix the system.  If you are interested in hiring a computer specialist, you can usually find one by looking online.  They usually are available to hire by the hour.  Often times, recovery software is used by computer specialists.  They usually install it themselves on your computer and will work on your computer until the files are received.  Hiring a computer specialist to rescue your files is obviously more expensive than installing drive recovery software yourself, but it can be a huge benefit if you do not feel comfortable installing the program yourself.\par
\par
If you wish to rescue your files yourself, you should certainly look multiple places before purchasing any type of hard drive recovery software.  You should look online for different types.  Each different brand typically can be used for a variety of different makes and models of computers, but some are specific, especially for a Mac versus a PC.  You will want to ensure that the type of software you buy works with your computer properly.\par
\par
Not being able to rescue your files can be one of the biggest frustrations in the world of computers.  To help ensure that your files are safe in the future, you can start saving your files in an external hard drive.  This will protect you from losing your data on a damaged computer.\par
\par
The Hard Drive Recovery Services website has additional information that you might find useful.\par
\par
August 3rd, 2010 | Tags: data recovery software, drive recovery services, drive recovery software, Hard Drive Recovery, hard drive recovery programs, Hard Drive Recovery Services, Hard Drive Recovery Software, recovery software | Category: Hard Drive Recovery Software | Leave a comment\par
\b\fs36 Hard Drive Recovery Tools\par
\b0\fs22 Every computer uses a hard drive to store important data like e-mails, programs, and your operating system files which run the computer.  Most people accidentally delete files, but some people experience a hard drive failure in which it just stops working.  Instead of just accepting the fact that your data is lost, and throwing away your hard drive, know that there are hard drive recovery tools that you can use to get your data back.\par
\par
Most computers contain sensitive data on the hard drive such as pictures, financial records, and so forth which can be very detrimental if lost.   If your data was accidentally deleted, you can use hard drive tools such as file recovery software.  This software looks on the drive and finds files that still exist, but that your operating system has deemed as \ldblquote deleted\rdblquote .  These software data recovery tools can be purchased and downloaded online, or you can purchase this kind of software at stores.\par
\par
If the hard drive has just given out and won\rquote t even run, you can use a data recovery services company.  These companies are a bit more expensive as they usually have to remove the actual hard drive disk and insert it into their disk reader.  They are able to retrieve the data that you have on the hard disk from their hardware which can be a real life saver if your hard drive has rolled over and died.\par
\par
These hard drive data recovery tools work because hard drives are interesting things.  When a file is deleted, its really not deleted.  The operating system makes a record that the file was deleted and refuses to show the file to the user.  The fact is that the files still remain on the hard drive until the hard drive runs out of available space and the files are over written with new files.  The best thing to do when a hard drive gets erased or goes bad is to immediately stop using it.  This will increase your chances of getting precious data off of the device.  Either download hard drive recovery tool software right away, or take it into a hard drive recovery service to have the best chance of getting your data back.\par
\par
No one like losing a hard drive, but thank goodness there are hard drive recovery tools that can be used to help retrieve and bring your data back. Having your data can ensure that you have what you need when you need it.  This peace of mind is extremely valuable as you can rest easy knowing that you can get your data back.\par
\par
The Hard Drive Recovery Services website has some additional information that you might find useful.\par
\par
July 17th, 2010 | Tags: data recovery, data recovery services, file recovery software, hard drive failure, Hard Drive Recovery, hard drive recovery service, Hard Drive Recovery Services, Hard Drive Recovery Tools, hard drive tools, software data recovery | Category: Hard Drive Recovery Tools | Leave a comment\par
\b\fs36 Hard Drive Recovery Services\b0\fs22\par
Hard drives always fail, but few people are prepared when they do.  Seagate and other major hard drive manufactures provide 3 to 5 year guarantees against hard drive failure.  However, I always see a 2% to 5% failure rate on new drives less than 30 days old and a 25% failure rate on drives older than 3 years.  So you need to plan on drive failure, otherwise if your data and files are critical, and you need them, you will need a hard drive recovery services company to recover your lost files and data.\par
\par
However if you are running Windows you might only be suffering an operating system corruption or infection that is keeping your computer from properly starting and preventing access to important data and files.  Computer hardware failures are mostly limited to power supplies and hard drives.  However, Windows problems cause over 90% of all computer failures and there are many software recovery products available for retrieving data from failed systems.\par
\par
DOS and Linux Live CD\rquote s can be used to start-up a failed Windows to retrieve lost files and correct Windows issues.  These recovery tools are usually free and easy to use.  Recuva is an Open Source utility that will undelete files after you have emptied the Recycle Bin.  I like to create my own recovery CD\rquote s using both DOS and Linux Slax.  Slax is a modular Linux operating system that allows you to easily add utilities to a bootable CD.  DOS is also very valuable because its very fast and will preform all needed Windows maintenance, correction, and recovery operations.\par
\par
Imaging partitions is also another powerful and time saving tool.  You can image the Windows operating systems partition so that you can quickly recover from a failed Windows in just minutes.  This will also correct hard drive fragmentation and any other problems or issues you might have.  I have successfully used imaging to maintain over one-thousand computers at several different sites.\par
\par
A little planning and the right tools can make life good again.  However if you have experienced a hard drive hardware failure you might have either failed read/write heads, motor, or electronics that need replacing.  Without planning and data backups you will need a hard drive recovery services company that can retrieve those files for a cost of several hundred to several thousand dollars depending on the failure and amount of data needed to retrieved.\par
\par
\par
}
 